# A201 C++ Group Project
Created as a learning experince for our group to learn about GitHub and how source control works. 

Forgotten Path Adventure has the primary purpose of helping the user get from the main entrance to the UAA Consortium Library all the way to their destination of choice. The secondary purpose of the program is to make the trip fun. We considered making the games all one theme or making them required to progress with new directions to their destination. After some consideration, this seemed like unnecessary restrictions that would make the program more difficult for the user. If the user would like they can play along in the mini-games and puzzles offered. Using this program the user will be able to visit the Archives, Psychology, or the Learning Commons. If the user would like to visit more than one location they will have to return to the main entrance and restart the program. 

Our team is composed of three sophomores and all of our major project decisions were planned out as a group before pulling the trigger. Toward the beginning of our group's formation, we agreed to make a program that is useful and entertaining would be a great starting point. This brought about a few different ideas such as making a single simple game with levels, making a branching program that would provide directions, or making a program that would serve as a planner with timed reminders. After some consideration, we decided to combine ideas one and two making a program that lets the user select a path and play a few games to make things interesting. Soon after starting the project, we realized it would use dozens of nested loops for one path and we would have figured out a way to reduce this continuous branching to make the code shorter. This brought up another wave of ideas and we found using structures and or switch statements made the code much less lengthy. Reviewing the code towards the of the project I think we could have shortened it even more by using more structures and possibly reusing functions for more than one game at a time.
